[rpc] Parallelise estimate_predicates endpoint (#1293)
FuelLabs/fuel-core: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - [#1291](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/issues/1291): Parallelise estimate_predicates endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1293](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/issues/1293): Parallelized the `estimate_predicates` endpoint to utilize all available threads.
```
